and you who I am labor teacher tinder
Trudovik to Trudovik but not easy
Trudovik I Lego
Trudovik will tell you this
my love guitar
well this is not a league guitar league shovel
in skillful hands and a shovel will play a rainbow
chords guys look all over here on
labor teachers
here under glass panes
compressed
cool Peter strangle
get a walk stubborn and labor hero
shines a star in the sky. captivity of the batyr
not only right here the bucket of the corpse world of work
May below that tube Petra add
digger and in sculpting you need loves your head
this tower is a dream to 1 circular
thought
I am a plane and I
Mahadev
even a fish from the pond well, you do not get it
never easy, and easily the teacher
without
your teacher to a friend
shore cool and what's the secret
no secret need not be afraid to work
guys because labor improves human
first saw the singing trudovika hips then